This is my first pair of Darn Tough socks. I read the reviews and was looking for a pair of running socks to wear during winter trail runs. Feet get wet and cold after a bit and figured the wool would help keep my feet warm even if the socks got a little wet. Well, these work, sort of. They're fairly thin, which is fine, because I will be wearing them sometimes in warmer weather, too. But they don't really help much keeping my feet warm. Maybe on shorter runs of 30 minutes, but when I'm out for an hour or so in temps below 35, my feet are cold, like with normal running socks. One day last week it was about 30, so I wore a very thin pair of nylon socks against my skin and these over top of them. Fit was a bit tight but loosened up after a couple miles. My feet stayed pretty warm that day, even after getting damp. So I learned a new trick that works. They do lack cushioning, which I kind of figured because they weren't advertised as a cushioning sock, but these aren't going to help cushion your feet at all on a longer run of 10+ miles. They do fit very well and are comfortable on my feet. They didn't slide down into my shoes or bunch up and squeeze the forefoot during any trail runs. And over some hilly, rough single track there was no rubbing of seams (I don't even think they have any seams, which is really nice) or blistering. As to durability they appear well-constructed with quality material, no loose threads, etc... And I know that wet wool never smells nice, but these smell really bad after getting damp. They even smell bad when they're dry. I was in the Army so I'm no stranger to the normal smells of wet/damp wool socks and clothing, but these have a particularly strong odor. Sort of an oily and chemically smell. But they're mostly made of wool so the wet-wool smell should be anticipated. Can't say how long they'll last but right now, they're pretty good running socks. My personal opinion is that Balega socks feel more comfortable on the feet, a little less expensive, and last pretty long, too. But if these Darn Tough socks really do last for years and years, then they are worth the price.UPDATE 12/26/13: After a few washes, the harsh wet-wool smell goes away. Until you sweat them up again, of course. Good socks.